(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
(man)
You won't get away!
What'd you do?
What'd you put in me?
It looks like my poison
is taking effect.
Your poison?
So if you want to duel, we'd
better get started right away.
Why would I waste my
time dueling you?
I don't think dueling would be
a waste of time if it keeps
your sister from visiting Davey
Jones' locker, do you, Shark?
Rio? You got
to her, too!
Mm-hmm!
But luckily there's a way her
big, strong brother Shark
can save her.
All you have to do is
defeat me in a duel.
All right, Chironex!
(man)
Hang on!
Quattro!
I'll start the duel
with 8,000 life points
and you each get
2,000 life points!
If you were so great you
wouldn't need an advantage,
would you?
We'll see how clever you are
when my poison is coursing
through your veins.
(all)
Let's duel!
Destruction Cannon!
How did he get two monsters?
♪♪
♪ Still together
as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand
in our way ♪
♪ You know we
ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe
it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear
down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final
night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that
we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
(Quattro)
This can't be!
My last move destroyed
your only monster!
But now...
you've got two!
How could that happen?
I simply activated the
sneaky special ability
of my Stealth Kragen!
Since it had two Overlay Units
when it was destroyed by your
Gimmick Puppet Grinder,
I was allowed to summon 2
slippery and slimy
Kragen Spawn from the deep!
Lucky break for him.
And I'm about to get even
luckier since Stealth Kragen
gave each one of
them one Overlay Unit
when it was destroyed.
Ready for the best part?
They also have Stealth
Kragen's special abilities!
(Quattro)
This isn't good.
Those special
abilities stung us before
but now it's twice as potent.
I've got to strike
fast and sink this guy!
I activate Grinder's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
both your Kragen Spawn are
pulverized!
And I've got more
bad news for you...
You take damage equal
to their attack points,
meaning you're gonna get
blasted for 3,800 points!
Destruction Cannon!
That's what happens
when you test the best,
you boneless Barian!
Way to go, Quattro!
I activate the special abilities
of my two Kragen Spawns.
First, I'll bring Number 4:
Stealth Kragen
back from the deep.
And then I'll summon
Kragen Spawn number three
to add some more sting!
I hope you like jellyfish,
'cause they'll be floating
around till you're through!
I'll sink those jellyfish,
just you wait and see!
Yuma... no matter how many of
those monsters they destroy,
they keep coming back.
How can they win?
(Shark)
I can't lose
this duel!
I can't lose...
for Rio!
(Tori)
Yuma...
Rio's condition's
getting worse and worse!
And the doctors are saying that
they don't know what to do to
make her better.
Hurry up, Yuma.
You gotta find a cure!
There's not much time!
This is bad.
If Shark keeps getting weaker,
he's not gonna be
able to beat that guy.
Listen, Shark!
This spineless sicko won't stop.
So you have to stay
strong, you hear me?
This piece of slime's
never gonna give up,
and that means you're gonna
have to save being sick
for another day.
Have I made myself clear?
Save your breath, Quattro.
I won't lose to
this gutless blob.
Shark...
(Shark)
I can still talk tough...
but this poison's making me
weaker by the second.
And even if I destroy
those jellyfish of his,
they'll just keep coming back.
My only hope is to get rid of
his life points in one shot.
But how do I...
Abyss Splash!
That Number can do it.
It's my turn.
I draw!
I place a monster
facedown in defense mode.
Defense mode?
I don't believe what
I'm seeing, don't you know
what's at stake here?
This is your chance to
attack and finish him off!
You have to go on the offensive,
while you still
have the strength.
Show this freak you have
what it takes to beat him!
Now, now, boys.
No sense in fighting,
especially over me.
Because both of you are losers!
I activate the
trap Receding Tide!
This card gives your
facedown a facelift!
Ah, Skull Kraken.
I see your strategy.
You played a Dark monster
since Stealth Kragen's
special ability only
destroys Water monsters.
But isn't your deck geared
towards Water monsters?
What a scaredy-cat,
I mean scaredy-shark!
I don't care if you're
feeling under the weather!
You can't wimp out here.
You've got to save your sister!
Keep your advice to yourself.
I end my turn!
(Shark)
It's getting worse...
but I have to hang on...
'til I get the chance...
to crush him!
Your little scheme's
not going to work.
And here's why!
I'm now activating
the spell Jelly Rain.
All the monsters on the field
become Water monsters.
Now your monsters can't
escape from my jellyfish's
poisonous special ability.
Who should I go after first?
Eeeny-meeny-miney-moe...
It's time for Quattro's to go!
Number 4: Stealth Kragen's
special ability destroys
your Giant Grinder!
You take Giant Grinder's
1,500 attack points as damage!
One down, one to go.
I activate Kragen Spawn's
special ability!
It destroys Skull Kraken...
and the 600 points of damage
you take destroys
any chance you have of
saving you or sister!
Shark's only got
400 life points!
Oh, no, Shark's history!
I activate the trap
Shade of Strings!
It puts a stop to your
monsters special ability!
You've only delayed your end!
You are goin' down,
one way or another!
Number 4: Stealth Kragen,
take out Skull Kraken!
Tentacle Surge!
Now Shark's got no monsters
left to protect himself.
Kragen Spawn, finish off Shark!
Watch out!
I activate the trap
Deep Current!
Your Kragen's attack
is shut down...
as is this battle!
You're getting on my nerves.
And unless you want to be stung,
that is not a place
you ever want to be!
Shark!
Rio!
Yuma, her breathing's
getting worse.
We're running out of time.
You gotta tough this out, Shark.
Rio needs you!
(Shark)
Rio...
The poison...
it's too powerful.
Rio, I'm sorry.
I don't think I have the
strength to keep fighting.
Come on...
Hey, Shark...
It's lucky for Rio I'm
not a lazy bum like you.
Brace yourself, jelly face!
'Cause you're about to
get squashed big time!
I draw!
Since I have under
2,000 life points,
I can activate the spell
card Puppet Ritual!
I get to summon one
Gimmick Puppet monster
from my graveyard.
Welcome back, Gimmick
Puppet Giant Grinder!
You can bring back all
the monsters you want,
but there's no way you
can defeat my monsters!
I wouldn't bet on
that if I was you!
I tribute Gimmick Puppet
Giant Grinder to summon
Gimmick Puppet Nightmare!
But this Nightmare's twice as
scary because it counts as
two monsters when I Xyz Summon!
You can do it, Quattro!
Quattro...
I overlay my two Gimmick
Puppet Nightmares!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number 40:
Gimmick Puppet of Strings!
Maybe we can still
pull this off.
Gimmick Puppet of Strings
has the power to take that
slimeball and all
his monsters down!
Nice try.
I activate the trap Jelly Bind!
And guess what it can do?
Since I have a Water
Attribute monster on my field,
your Gimmick Puppet of
Strings can't attack
or use its special abilities!
Very clever.
Now your pathetic Puppet's
as worthless as a rag doll.
I'm placing one card facedown
and then ending my turn.
And while we're speaking
of worthless rag dolls,
how's Shark?
My jellyfish poison must be
all through his body by now.
Feeling shaky, Sharky?
Get back up!
The jellyfish has
finally proved it's more
powerful than the shark.
No!
(Quattro)
Shark...
You quitter!
You're no better than that
gutless jellyfish over there!
Get a backbone!
Stand up and fight
to save your sister!
On your feet, Shark!
Hey, that's enough!
Shark would do anything to
help save his little sister!
You don't know him!
You're wrong, Yuma!
I know Shark.
I know him better than anybody.
I was the one who set him
up so he'd get thrown out
of the finals.
And I was the reason
Rio got hurt.
I'm to blame.
And I know I can
never undo that.
I'll never forget or forgive
myself for what I did to his
poor sister.
I know your friend.
And I respect him.
He's fought very hard...
always putting his sister
ahead of himself.
He always sticks up for her.
And you better
not stop now, Shark!
Don't you dare think
of giving up on Rio!
This is no time to lie
down on the job when it
isn't finished, Shark.
So pick yourself up and
do what you have to do!
Save your sister, Shark!
Man...
How can a guy get any rest
with all that yelling?
You're getting up?
Yeah, that proves one
of us has a spine!
All right, Shark, let's finish
this duel so that you can go
back to getting
your beauty rest.
This face can't get
any better looking.
(Shark)
Hang on, Rio.
Hang on.
My turn.
I draw!
Alright, I activate
the spell Sea Lord's Amulet!
Now you can't use spells,
traps or special abilities
against my Water monsters!
Next, I activate the spell
Edict of Atlantis!
Any Water monsters I summon
during this turn will gain
2 Levels.
And here comes one
swimming along now!
My great white
delight, Big Jaws!
And due to Edict of Atlantis'
effect Big Jaws gains 2 Levels.
Next I summon Panther
Shark in attack mode!
Say hello to the feistiest
cat fish in the sea!
He's got two Level 5 monsters!
Nice.
It's go time!
I overlay Level 5 Big Jaws
and Panther Shark!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Come on out,
Number 73: Abyss Splash!
That Number's more
powerful than my Number.
That's right!
And for what you did
to me and Rio,
you're about to
witness its wrath!
Quattro, let's win this.
Yeah.
You punks shouldn't be so cocky!
I still have a few
tricks up my tentacles
that you know nothing about!
You punks shouldn't be so cocky!
I still have a few tricks
up my tentacles that
you know nothing about!
I activate the trap Jelly Hole!
All your face-up cards
lose their effects!
Now I'll show you pathetic
amateurs how to really
finish a duel!
I activate Number 4: Stealth
Kragen's special ability!
Not only does your water monster
Abyss Splash wind up sleeping
with the fishes permanently,
but your life points get hit
by the total number
of its attack points!
So say bye-bye to
your Abyss Splash!
That's not gonna happen.
What?
'Cause I activate the spell
card Cascade Barrier!
It protects Abyss Splash
from destruction!
However, Abyss Splash loses
all of its attack points.
You may have dodged
my Stealth Kragen,
but you're not
avoiding my Kragen Spawn!
I activate its special ability
to destroy Abyss Splash,
for real this time!
You're lucky it had no attack
points or you would've lost
already.
But no biggie, it's
just a matter of time.
You lost the only monster
you had to protect yourself!
I activate the trap
Celestial Strings!
This time, the puppet is the
puppeteer as my Gimmick Puppet
tugs the strings and pulls Abyss
Splash out of the graveyard!
That was some
incredible teamwork!
Oh, yeah!
Next, Gimmick Puppet of
Strings becomes Abyss Splash's
Overlay Unit!
I activate Abyss Splash's
special ability!
I use one Overlay Unit to double
Abyss Splash's attack points!
But why stop at one when
I can use another and double
its attack points again?
It's too powerful...
I can't stop it!
Abyss Splash attack!
Take out Stealth Kragen!
Let's go!
Final fall!
(woman)
Her heart rate and
blood pressure are both
back to normal.
This is incredible.
I don't understand it.
Yuma...
Rio is okay!
All right!
Hey Shark!
Rio's totally in the clear!
She'll be grateful when
she learns who saved her.
I hope you took notes on how
a duel's supposed to be played.
You're joking.
All I learned from you is people
should mind their own business.
There's no reason to be ashamed
just because you couldn't win
on your own.
Those two argue more
than you and Astral...
I never needed
your help!
Oh, please!
Yeah, you're right...
That rotten punk kid...
I know I've met him before.
I remember now!
That time, years ago, when
the cops were chasing me...
I lost control.
I slammed into that car.
But I saw...
I could never forget
that face but...
That kid couldn't be you!
Hold up.
What are you babbling about?
There's no way it can be you.
There's no way!
Hey, come back!
What couldn't be me?
(Shark)
No!
It can't be...
I saw the same symbol
everywhere in those memories!
That means...
Everything okay?
(Shark)
My family's crest...
and the crest of
that royal family...
they're the same!
What's wrong?
(Shark)
That means...
I'm a...
Barian!
♪♪